CONTEXT: This is an Express + Drizzle ORM + Postgres API server (deployed on Railway, code pushed via GitHub). The Postgres database is hosted on Supabase, accessed directly via a raw connection string (not the Supabase JS client) for this specific query.

BUG: In conversations.ts, there are two places (around line 387 and line 708) that run a Drizzle query selecting all columns from the "characters" table by character_id. This query has been failing in production with:

cause_message: 'column "art_style" does not exist'
cause_code: '42703'

This means the "characters" table in the actual production database is missing the art_style column (and possibly other recently-added appearance columns) that the Drizzle schema definition expects. This is a schema drift issue — the Drizzle schema was updated in code, but a migration/push was never run against the correct production database.

IMPORTANT: A previous attempt to fix this was run against the wrong database (a different Replit-provisioned dev database), which is why the error kept reappearing in production even after being "confirmed fixed." The actual production DATABASE_URL (the one Railway's deployed app uses) points to Supabase's Postgres — I will provide that connection string separately as a secret.

TASK:
1. I will add the correct production DATABASE_URL as a Replit secret (I'll tell you the secret name once added — likely PROD_DATABASE_URL or similar).
2. Once I've added it, run drizzle-kit push (or equivalent) using that specific DATABASE_URL — NOT any other database this Replit environment might default to — to sync the "characters" table schema with the current Drizzle schema definition (this should add art_style and any other missing columns).
3. Before running it, show me a diff/summary of exactly which columns will be added, so I can confirm it's purely additive (ADD COLUMN only) with no drops or type changes on existing data.
4. Do not modify the query logic in conversations.ts, the catch blocks, or any other file — this should be purely a schema sync against the correct database.
5. After running it, tell me clearly so I can redeploy the app on Railway and verify with a fresh production log that the error is gone.

Wait for me to provide the secret before proceeding with step 2.